[Outdoor residential fire simulation. Two house-scale wooden structures. Firefighter ignites fire inside both using a blowtorch.]
[Video plays at 4x speed. Both structures begin to show fire activity.]
[UNTREATED structure: flames spread rapidly through the entire frame.]
[Graphic on screen: "Eco-Friendly — AF31 is water-based and environmentally safe."]
[UNTREATED structure: fully engulfed in flames at accelerated speed.]
[Graphic on screen: "Water Based — non-toxic formula safe for people, animals, and the environment."]
[UNTREATED structure collapses. Text on screen: "Complete Fire Loss."]
[Graphic on screen: "Unlimited Utility — effective across wood frame, wildfire, and battery applications."]
[AF31-TREATED structure: fire burns only initial ignition material. Flames do not spread to treated wood.]
[AF31-TREATED structure: fire self-extinguishes. Structure remains fully intact.]
[Final comparison displayed. M-Fire Suppression branding and contact information shown.]